npm run reconcile:ecampus

Test case - 1 - Upload PO
Create a Playwright TypeScript automation script that logs into https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-welcome and performs a full upload â batch â transaction PO workflow.
Setup
1.	Navigate to https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-welcome.
2.	Enter the username into the username/email field.
3.	Enter the password into the password field.
4.	Read credentials from environment variables (ECAMPUS_USERNAME, ECAMPUS_PASSWORD) via a .env file and the dotenv package â do not hardcode credentials in the script.

Login / Captcha
1.	The site requires manual captcha verification. After filling in the credentials:
2.	Pause the script and print a message asking me to solve the captcha manually in the browser window.
3.	Wait for me to press Enter in the terminal (using Node's readline) before continuing.
4.	Add a comment noting page.pause() as an alternative approach using the Playwright Inspector.
5.	After I confirm the captcha is solved, click the Sign In button.
6.	Run the browser in headed mode (headless: false) so the captcha is visible and solvable.
7.	Use resilient selectors as a starting point (e.g., input[type="email"], input[type="password"], button:has-text("Sign In")), and add a comment noting that I should inspect the real page and adjust selectors if needed.
8.	After I confirm, click Sign In. Then wait up to 5 seconds for the page to load; if it takes longer, log an alert with the message "Page loading is   taking more than 5 seconds.", write/append that alert to a Report.env file, and continue execution regardless â never let this throw or stop the script.



Dashboard â Upload

1.	After sign-in, wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-dashboard.
2.	Click the "Upload" module link/button in the left-side navigation.
3.	Wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-upload.
4.	On that page, click "Choose File" and upload the file at:
5.	C:\Users\akspa\OneDrive\Desktop\Automation\MIS-Stagging\upload_files\po_sample.csv
6.	Click the "Cash Account Code" text box and type: 1101-0001-0011-1000-000.
7.	Click the "Upload" button to submit.
8.	After the upload starts, measure the upload time. If the upload takes more than 3 seconds, log the following alert message in the Report.env file: "Uploading time is taking more than 3 seconds." Do not mark the automation as passed or stop the execution. The automation should continue running the remaining steps.

Batches â first pass

1.	After the upload completes, wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-batches.
2.	Read the Total, Processed, and Pending counts from the page and store them in a local tracking file, .env.po (plain key=value text file â not loaded via dotenv, since these are runtime results, not secrets).
3.	If Pending > 0, click Processed; otherwise, click Pending.
4.	[NOTE] Please confirm this is correct â clicking "Processed" when there are pending items, and "Pending" when there are none, seems backwards.
5.	After clicking, wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-transactions/221/0.

PO Transaction â first pass

1.	Click Pending in the PO Transaction section.
2.	Click Select Subs in the Subs section.
3.	Select/click 0120.
4.	[NOTE] Is 0120 always a fixed sub-account code, or does it vary per row/transaction? If it varies, let me know how the script should determine which one to pick.
5.	Click Save Changes.
6.	Wait for the status to show "Posted".

Batches â second pass

1.	Click the Batches module in the left-side navigation.
2.	Wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-batches.
3.	Once this URL becomes visible, record the time it takes to load and store the loading time in the Report.env file. If the loading time exceeds 6 seconds, write the following message to the Report.env file: "Batch loading time is taking more than 6 seconds." Do not mark the automation as passed or stop the execution. The automation should continue running the remaining steps.
4.	Read the Total, Processed, and Pending counts again and store them in .env.po.
5.	If Pending > 0, click Processed (otherwise, presumably skip â please confirm the "else" behavior here, same as the note on step 17).
6.	Wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-transactions/221/1.
7.	Click Export CSV near Reversal.

Transaction lookup

1.	Read the number beginning with 8150 from the Account Â· Description field and store it in .env.po.
2.	Click the Transactions module in the left-side navigation.
3.	Wait for the URL to become https://forms.ecampusbuddy.com/index.php/m-all-transactions.
4.	Once this URL becomes visible, record the time it takes to load and store the loading time in the Report.env file. If the loading time exceeds 6 seconds, write the following message to the Report.env file: "Transaction loading time is taking more than 6 seconds." Do not mark the automation as passed or stop the execution. The automation should continue running the remaining steps.
5.	Enter the 8150â¦ number (read from .env.po) into the search box and click Search Records.
6.	After clicking Search Records, wait for the matching batch to appear under PO Transaction. If the search takes more than 3 seconds, write the following alert message to the Report.env file: "Search AC-Number is taking more than 3 seconds." After logging the alert, continue the automation without stopping the execution.
7.	Once the batch is visible, verify the Created At date for the uploaded data. The Created At date should match today's date. If it does not match, write the following message to the Report.env file: "Created At date does not match today's date." Do not stop the automation. Log the message and continue executing the remaining test steps
8.	Once the batch is visible, click Clear. If the clear action takes more than 3 seconds, write the following alert message to the Report.env file: "Clear action  is taking more than 3 seconds." After logging the alert, continue the automation without stopping the execution.
9.	Enter the code 1101-0001-0011-1000-000 into the search box and click Search Records.
10.	After clicking Search Records, wait for the matching batch to appear under PO Transaction. If the search takes more than 3 seconds, write the following alert message to the Report.env file: "Search AC-Number is taking more than 3 seconds." After logging the alert, continue the automation without stopping the execution.
11.	Once the batch is visible, verify the Created At date for the uploaded data. The Created At date should match today's date. If it does not match, write the following message to the Report.env file: "Created At date does not match today's date." Do not stop the automation. Log the message and continue executing the remaining test steps
12.	Once the batch is visible, click Clear. If the clear action takes more than 3 seconds, write the following alert message to the Report.env file: "Clear action  is taking more than 3 seconds." After logging the alert, continue the automation without stopping the execution.

Additional notes for the implementation:

1.	Use TypeScript with async/await throughout.
2.	Include comments explaining each major step and section.
3.	Use resilient selectors where possible (text-based, role-based) and flag with comments any selector likely to need adjustment after inspecting the live DOM.
4.	Add reasonable timeouts and basic error handling around all waitForURL calls and data-reads (Total/Processed/Pending, the 8150â¦ number) in case the page structure differs from expectations.
5.	Handle the Windows file path correctly for setInputFiles (e.g., raw string or forward slashes).
6.	Since this workflow reads values from the page and writes them to .env.po, use plain file read/write (e.g., Node's fs) rather than dotenv for that file â dotenv is only for loading the login credentials at startup.
7.	try/finally guarantees the browser closes even if something breaks midway (e.g., a selector isn't found, a waitForURL times out). Without it, a failed run leaves a orphaned browser window open every time.
8.	(explicit close + success message) is what runs in the happy path â it tells you the automation actually finished all 37 steps successfully, not just that the browser happened to close.
